Anything in particular stand out from the ceremony?
I think the impressive part of that was the grandeur of it all.
And going into the Abbey and all the wonderful, wonderful architecture around,
which is an opportunity to see inside these places,
apart from seeing members of the Royal Family and all the dignitaries that were there.
Yes, quite an inspiring...
Well, it gave an opportunity for people who lived way out in the country,
far enough removed from London, to enter into the spirit of it all.
And yes, the media helped to broaden our outlook on things like that and to give us that interest.
Were there things going on in the community, street parties or something like that?
Yes, possibly there were one or two street parties, but very few.
I think small street parties. There were one or two.
We didn't have a street party in this little area,
though we did have a few children here, but we didn't.
But I think some of the streets in Wrexham possibly did that more than we did in the village here.
I can't really remember a street party in Brumbow, ever.
You know, for any event.
But I'm not saying that it didn't take place, but I think had it, I would have been aware of it.
As a Welsh woman, what did the ceremony mean to you?
The coronation of the Queen.
For me as a Welsh person, I think you get a sense of pride, obviously.
She was a young lady, wasn't she? Very young, and it was sort of thrust upon her,
sooner than she had anticipated, obviously.
But quite a remarkable lady, because she's continued now well into her 80s, hasn't she?
And in my opinion, she's done a remarkable, remarkable job.
So we just look forward to the future and hope that the
younger generations will be able to emulate her shining example, I think, of how she's led the country.